Document option to allow almost all printable ASCII characters in environment variables (#45125)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/configuration/configmap.md

A container using a ConfigMap as a [subPath](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes#using-subpath) volume mount will not receive ConfigMap updates.
{{< /note >}}

### Using Configmaps as environment variables

To use a Configmap in an {{< glossary_tooltip text="environment variable" term_id="container-env-variables" >}}
in a Pod:

1. For each container in your Pod specification, add an environment variable
   for each Configmap key that you want to use to the
   `env[].valueFrom.configMapKeyRef` field.
1. Modify your image and/or command line so that the program looks for values
   in the specified environment variables.

This is an example of defining a ConfigMap as a pod environment variable:
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: env-configmap
spec:
  containers:
  - name: envars-test-container
    image: nginx
    env:
    - name: CONFIGMAP_USERNAME
      valueFrom:
        configMapKeyRef:
          name: myconfigmap
          key: username

```

>  It's important to note that he range of characters allowed for environment variable names in pods is [restricted](/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/
> /define-environment-variable-container/#using-environment-variables-inside-of-your-config), if the character range is out of restrict, the pod containe invalid character environment variable name will not be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that the range of characters allowed for environment
variable names in pods is
[restricted](/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-environment-variable-container/#using-environment-variables-inside-of-your-config),
If any keys do not meet the rules, those keys are not made available to your container, though
the Pod is allowed to start.
```
